# thingsIWantToBuild
A list of things I want to build


- A map that shows you POIs along your directions. For example - what if you want a coffee along your way to work, or you want to see some point of interest along your cross country road trip. How far out of your way is it? In miles? In minutes? Is it worth getting off the freeway. It's hard to answer these questions with current directions and search.
- A senic-ness score for roads and ways as generated by a ML classifier. Examples are street-view images. Positive examples are from ways designated as 'senic' or in National Parks. Negative examples are a random sample of other images. Gather these images using a fixed number for each way. Run a classifier and then return the score for each segment as the senic-ness score.
- A deep learning model that learns ecological patterns from climatological data -- basically an SDM but using a convnet. [blog](http://scottsfarley.com/research/ide/2017/08/05/sdms-with-cnn.html)
- A platform that delivers on-demand portions of spatial data. I suspect that in the future, downloading the entire dataset will not be as important as obtaining arbitrary portions of it -- since the whole dataset will be too big to download anyways. This would be an extension of the cliamtological data service, and could easily apply to any raster data. Perhaps down the road it could also be apoplied to vector or unstructured data.
- Open epidimiological data project that allows real time tracking of cases of infectious diseases worldwide. Would be accompanied by an app and an API so that health workers could log cases of ebola, malaria, zika, etc. The app would record cases that were spatiotemporally excilit, not aggregated to district or country. Access to the data set would be free and open. A web portal could provide predictive models both vector based and suitability. Focus here is on open data, worldwide scope, and positionally excplicit case data. [blog](http://scottsfarley.com/opendigit/projects/2017/08/01/OpenDigit.html)
- easyClass: A web-based app for cloud-sourced tagging of images and text for use in machine learning. Folks can upload sets of images or tweets or other media and users can subscribe to a project and easily tag each item with a class label. There could be a live connection to twitter or other social media source. Models could be run automatically when new data is tagged. Gamification: earn points for classifying items.
- A D3-based database modeler for psotgres that reads in a SQL file and creates a visual representation.
- Summitscraper: an interactive app that maps the routes on [http://summitpost.org](http://summitpost.org).
- An interactive map of ice sheet height and thickness using vector tiles (3D) to browse glaciation extent through the LIG or longer.
- A card-based system that allows you to make cards for quotes from scientific papers, along with a reference. Users can then drag and drop the cards into piles when organizing their thoughts. 
- A dev tools extension that allows you to filter `console.log` on only those on the functionality you're currently developing on.
- A collaborative travel planning tool that allows users to find content from the internet and place it in both time and space for an intended vacation. Like pintrest but spatial and for travel.
- An online map editor such that you could make nice-looking print maps without any desktop software -- would include vector graphics editing capabilities and export to pdf. 

